<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/xsl" href="/layout/template.xsl"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Callimachus</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Welcome to Callimachus</h1>

<p id="congrats">If you're seeing this page via a web browser, it means you've installed Callimachus successfully. Congratulations!</p>

<p>To finish the setup process visit <a href="/group/admin?usersetup">The User Setup Page</a> and choose an administrator password. This page is only accessable from the local machine and only until an administrator password is choosen.</p>
 
<p>As you may have guessed by now, this is the default Callimachus home page. It can be found on the local filesystem at:</p>
<p class="code">webapps/index.xhtml</p>
	  
<p>In the root of the Callimachus installation directory. If you're seeing this page, and you don't think you should be, then you're either a user who has arrived at new installation of Callimachus, or you're an administrator who hasn't got his/her setup quite right. Providing the latter is the case, please refer to the <a href="http://callimachusproject.org/">Callimachus Website</a> or the README.txt file provided in the install directory.</p>

<p>You can download sample applications following the <a href="http://code.google.com/p/callimachus/wiki/GettingStarted">Getting Started page</a>.</p>

<p>Callimachus mailing lists are available at the <a href="http://callimachusproject.org/">Callimachus Website</a>.</p>

<p>Thanks for using Callimachus!</p>

<p><small><a href="http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0">License</a></small></p>
</body>
</html>
